well howdy there internet people that's
Bo Ginn birthrates birth rates birth
rates so if you've read the manifesto
purported to come from the shooter in
New Zealand you know what I'm talking
about if you haven't I wouldn't really
recommend you read it but there's a
concept in it too worth talking about
and that concept is the idea that well
white culture is being destroyed seems
like something that should bother me
well that's spent Wow thinking about it
what is white culture I don't know I
have no idea what it even is I know what
Irish culture is German culture russian
culture don't know what white culture is
especially when you're talking about
people that have been thrown all over
the world via colonization what is the
unified white culture yelling at sports
games I love a red meat what is it
I can't really say because it's not a
thing doesn't exist white culture is not
a thing there's this guy he's creeks
through a twist of fate he some more on
a lakota road than a creek road but
nevertheless he's creeks and not in the
way of you know his second cousins twice
removed great-uncle married a Cherokee
princess
no he's Creek he's on the rolls he's
very active in his community he grows
his own medicine in the backyard his
chin UBA has a place of honor in his
library before he moved into the new
house his wife made sure that it was
smudged he's been through 150-200 sweats
had a nanny pee in his backyard until
the hurricane
he's white skintone he's white because
his grandmother married a white guy so
what does that mean for this
conversation I mean this guy looks like
me because he is me
but what it shows is that skin tone and
culture aren't linked not really not in
the way that I think a lot of people
believe
my wife she's a Danish ancestry also
blonde hair blue-eyed so of course our
kids are blond-haired blue-eyed to be
honest our family photo looks like an SS
recruitment poster even have a German
Shepherd but those little blond-haired
blue-eyed kids consider on that fire and
tell you about the trickster they
understand why it's a line the way it is
they can tell you about the medicine
will and tell you what the various
medicines are used for culture and skin
tone are not linked
it's a good thing though it's important
that it's not not to the extreme that I
think a lot of people believe anyway
because on a long enough timeline
well we're all gonna look like
brazilians white will become dark dark
will become light we're all pretty much
gonna look the same but even once that
happens I'd be willing to bet that those
people in the northeastern United States
have a very different culture than those
people in central Africa because culture
is not skintone when you link skin tone
to culture and that's how you define it
it's funny in a way because it's the
only way I know of to be 100% certain
that that culture is destroyed the
blending of races is an inevitability it
is going to happen I mean skin tones are
dynamic anyway that's why we have
different ones today because we moved
around
we changed and they will change again it
is what it is it doesn't alter the
culture doesn't alter the culture of
people to have a different skin tone if
the culture is worthy well even after a
skin tone change that culture will
remain if that culture becomes solely
about skin tone why should it remain
what valued as a gift to those people
later on I can understand wanting to
preserve Russian culture Irish culture
German culture whatever I can get that I
don't understand wanting to preserve
white culture because I don't know what
it is because it doesn't exist it's not
a thinning anyway it's just thought
y'all have a good night